c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\obj\Debug\ServerHub.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\ServerHub.exe.config
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\ServerHub.exe
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\ServerHub.pdb
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Owin.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\System.Web.Cors.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Core.xml
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Cors.xml
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Diagnostics.xml
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Host.HttpListener.xml
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Hosting.xml
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\obj\Debug\ServerHub.exe
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\obj\Debug\ServerHub.pdb
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.dll
c:\users\eddie\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\SignalRTests\ServerHub\bin\Debug\Microsoft.AspNet.SignalR.Client.xml
